hey can I go to a movie with Riley
tonight this run your grandparents are
coming to dinner tonight remember
awesome
grandpa telling is disgusting Vietnam
stories take my advice go never have
kids
everything just today
multiple reports are now coming in of
course murdering their own children
the rightful it in you take your right
foot out do the
yes mommy mommy's here you chew alright
we're not coming out okay you have to
leave
a really good idea
we've got a bank 211 in progress
suspects are armed and they have taken
hostages all units stand down you
watching
yep the hell you're gonna get out of
this you know this is GT collect dealing
with different hanim here boys
Trading up Los Angeles branch of the
Federal Reserve well the bank has never
been robbed that's why we're gonna rob
it
gangbangers these are not the National
Bank Hollywood jobs look good in a gal
you know these guys we solve all these
cases this is the crew it's been visit
do we look like the types who arrest you
we just shoot
we're addicted to heists sooner or later
I need to fix at the Federal Reserve
billions of dollars are taken out of
circulation if we can break in and steal
those old bills before they're destroyed
we got our hands on money that's
untraceable location the joint from the
inside going big hey you know just means
means I am a member of a gang although
we have badges
you're not the bad guys we are Friday
make sure he knows it's all I'm gonna
let you know now better wear your best
buy moves you should understand
goodbye suspects wearing body armor
headshots only on my signal let's go
thank of enough it's okay I bring my
cuffs anyway
the Black Panther has protected lo alto
generations it is your time
the world's gonna start although
mr. King this ends today
come on drink fast as we can swell your
drinking up you can't feel a thing
boys what do you mean I'm not gonna feel
it mr. Getty your grandson
he's been kidnapped the people I asked
as a mother said my boy freak the good
doctor I promise
yes seventeen million dollars to release
him I don't have any money
get it from her father-in-law he has all
the money in the world
everything has a price
these men are going to take a part of
you my weight struggle in life is coming
to grips with what that price is we need
to pay the ransom
people do things to Paul that can't be
undone for any amount of money
how much would you pay to release your
grandson if not 17 million dollars
nothing tell them I'm coming
17,000,000 show brings out a crowd
yes Paul and his mother cooked this up
if Paul ever talk to you about having
himself killed
who's that Ilan mr. chase I thought I
could trust my own blood if she doesn't
pay first the ear and the foot
bastard you did nothing
nobody has ever been richer than you are
at this moment
I have no money to spare what would it
take for you to feel secure more
I want to say we're gonna be here for
you said that I'd be back for our
graduation you should stand our mountain
house I thought you guys were selling I
just have to leave for a bit on Sundays
during open houses it's good to see some
new faces
you must be Logan everybody knows
everybody in these small towns huh
so sorry for what happened to your
husband I lost my husband a few years
back
Seth
it's like it moves in and never leaves
Sam searched the entire house there's no
one here we had an open house here a few
days ago maybe someone found a spare key
laying around her
maybe somebody stayed probably just some
kids trying to scare the newcomers
didn't feel like kids who's that
Hey Hey something is clearly going on
hello is anyone there
it's always nice to know you have
someone nearby the quiet out here can
get real loud
you
blow me down because it helped to raise
or see like he likes his marmalade I
have a feeling he'll go
dear Aunt Lucy
wife in London has been better than ever
I really feel at home if you had one was
tonight what would it be
I'd like to get my Aunt Lucy a birthday
present all nodes pop-up book of London
the only problem is it's rather
expensive where on earth did you find
this mr. Gruber's antique shop curio
we're rich again afternoon chaps I may
look like a hardened criminal but I
really am Minister perfect you're gonna
clear your name you're gonna need her
help
Paddington's made such sweet friends I'm
in
what a clever little bit come back to
that box
Paddington looks for the good in all of
us and somehow he finds it if we're kind
and polite the world will be right
Paddington too
oh that's not good rated PG